document -wolfi docker image (#16808)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/docker.asciidoc

docker pull {docker-image}
--------------------------------------------

> A hardnened image based on the [Wolfi](https://wolfi.dev/) image is available
> as well. Using Wolfi-based images requires Docker version 20.10.10 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hardened image based on the https://wolfi.dev/[Wolfi] image is available as well. 
Using Wolfi-based images requires Docker version 20.10.10 or later.
```
